{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This is the final executive brief I would hand to your website agency. It captures the strategy, messaging, branding, and design direction you\'92ve approved for Trinity Build Co.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 TRINITY BUILD CO.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Executive Website Design & Development Brief
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Project Objective
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Develop a premium commercial construction website that positions Trinity Build Co. as one of Arizona\'92s most trusted commercial general contractors. The website should communicate professionalism, financial strength, integrity, disciplined execution, and long-term partnership.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 This is not a typical construction company website. It should feel more like a premier commercial development firm, architecture practice, or institutional real estate company.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 About Trinity Build Co.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Trinity Build Co. is the commercial construction division of Trinity, specializing in preconstruction, design-build, construction management, tenant improvements, and ground-up commercial construction.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 We partner with developers, business owners, investors, architects, engineers, churches, institutions, and organizations to deliver exceptional commercial projects through disciplined planning, transparent communication, and quality execution.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Mission
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 To build exceptional commercial spaces through integrity, disciplined execution, and lasting relationships\'97delivering projects that strengthen businesses, communities, and the people we serve.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Vision
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 To become Arizona\'92s most trusted commercial builder, recognized for excellence in preconstruction, quality craftsmanship, financial stewardship, and long-term partnerships.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 We aspire to build more than buildings\'97we build confidence, opportunity, and a legacy of trust.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Brand Promise
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Building Excellence. Delivering Trust.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Core Values
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Integrity
\fs24 \

\fs20 Excellence
\fs24 \

\fs20 Relationships
\fs24 \

\fs20 Stewardship
\fs24 \

\fs20 Innovation
\fs24 \

\fs20 Teamwork
\fs24 \

\fs20 Safety
\fs24 \

\fs20 Accountability
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Brand Position
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 The Trinity Build Co. brand should communicate:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Established
\fs24 \

\fs20 Professional
\fs24 \

\fs20 Financially Strong
\fs24 \

\fs20 Trustworthy
\fs24 \

\fs20 Disciplined
\fs24 \

\fs20 Organized
\fs24 \

\fs20 Relationship Driven
\fs24 \

\fs20 Modern
\fs24 \

\fs20 Sophisticated
\fs24 \

\fs20 Long-Term Partner
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Target Clients
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Commercial Developers
\fs24 \

\fs20 Business Owners
\fs24 \

\fs20 Investors
\fs24 \

\fs20 Architects
\fs24 \

\fs20 Engineers
\fs24 \

\fs20 Medical Groups
\fs24 \

\fs20 Churches
\fs24 \

\fs20 Property Managers
\fs24 \

\fs20 Commercial Real Estate Professionals
\fs24 \

\fs20 Institutional Clients
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Industries Served
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Office Buildings
\fs24 \

\fs20 Medical Facilities
\fs24 \

\fs20 Industrial Buildings
\fs24 \

\fs20 Warehouses
\fs24 \

\fs20 Retail Centers
\fs24 \

\fs20 Restaurants
\fs24 \

\fs20 Churches
\fs24 \

\fs20 Mixed-Use Developments
\fs24 \

\fs20 Apartment Communities
\fs24 \

\fs20 Commercial Condominiums
\fs24 \

\fs20 Tenant Improvements
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Services
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Commercial General Contracting
\fs24 \

\fs20 Design-Build
\fs24 \

\fs20 Construction Management
\fs24 \

\fs20 Preconstruction Services
\fs24 \

\fs20 Budget Development
\fs24 \

\fs20 Value Engineering
\fs24 \

\fs20 Project Planning
\fs24 \

\fs20 Ground-Up Commercial Construction
\fs24 \

\fs20 Tenant Improvements
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Website Structure
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Home
\fs24 \

\fs20 About
\fs24 \

\fs20 Why Trinity
\fs24 \

\fs20 The Trinity Way
\fs24 \

\fs20 Services
\fs24 \

\fs20 Industries
\fs24 \

\fs20 Portfolio
\fs24 \

\fs20 Safety & Quality
\fs24 \

\fs20 Leadership
\fs24 \

\fs20 Careers
\fs24 \

\fs20 Contact
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Why Trinity
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Highlight our differentiators:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Disciplined Preconstruction
\fs24 \

\fs20 Financial Stewardship
\fs24 \

\fs20 Transparent Communication
\fs24 \

\fs20 Experienced Leadership
\fs24 \

\fs20 Quality Without Compromise
\fs24 \

\fs20 Technology & Modern Systems
\fs24 \

\fs20 Safety First
\fs24 \

\fs20 Long-Term Partnerships
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 The Trinity Way
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Illustrate our six-step project delivery process:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Discover
\fs24 \

\fs20 Plan
\fs24 \

\fs20 Collaborate
\fs24 \

\fs20 Build
\fs24 \

\fs20 Deliver
\fs24 \

\fs20 Support
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 This process should be presented with clean graphics and concise, engaging copy.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Website Design Direction
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 The website should be:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Premium
\fs24 \

\fs20 Clean
\fs24 \

\fs20 Timeless
\fs24 \

\fs20 Sophisticated
\fs24 \

\fs20 Architecturally Inspired
\fs24 \

\fs20 Minimalist
\fs24 \

\fs20 Modern
\fs24 \

\fs20 Highly Professional
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Color Palette
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Matte Black
\fs24 \

\fs20 White
\fs24 \

\fs20 Warm Metallic Gold
\fs24 \

\fs20 Charcoal Gray
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Typography
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Clean
\fs24 \

\fs20 Bold
\fs24 \

\fs20 Contemporary
\fs24 \

\fs20 Easy to Read
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Photography
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Use authentic, high-quality imagery featuring:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Commercial architecture
\fs24 \

\fs20 Active construction sites
\fs24 \

\fs20 Drone photography
\fs24 \

\fs20 Project leadership
\fs24 \

\fs20 Skilled field teams
\fs24 \

\fs20 Finished commercial projects
\fs24 \

\fs20 Client collaboration
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Avoid generic stock photography whenever possible.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Logo & Brand Identity
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 The preferred logo consists of:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 A custom architectural icon representing strength, structure, progress, and commercial construction.
\fs24 \

\fs20 The full TRINITY BUILD CO. wordmark.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Do not build the brand around the initials \'93TB.\'94
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Required logo versions:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Primary stacked logo
\fs24 \

\fs20 Horizontal logo
\fs24 \

\fs20 Icon-only mark
\fs24 \

\fs20 Badge version for apparel
\fs24 \

\fs20 Single-color versions (black, white, and gold)
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Brand Applications
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 The visual identity must scale consistently across:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Website
\fs24 \

\fs20 Mobile
\fs24 \

\fs20 Social media
\fs24 \

\fs20 Business cards
\fs24 \

\fs20 Letterhead
\fs24 \

\fs20 Proposal covers
\fs24 \

\fs20 Presentation templates
\fs24 \

\fs20 Vehicle wraps
\fs24 \

\fs20 Jobsite signage
\fs24 \

\fs20 Construction fencing
\fs24 \

\fs20 Hard hats
\fs24 \

\fs20 Safety apparel
\fs24 \

\fs20 Polos and jackets
\fs24 \

\fs20 Email signatures
\fs24 \

\fs20 Digital marketing
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 SEO Strategy
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Target keywords include:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Commercial General Contractor
\fs24 \

\fs20 Commercial Construction Arizona
\fs24 \

\fs20 Phoenix Commercial Contractor
\fs24 \

\fs20 Design-Build Contractor
\fs24 \

\fs20 Construction Management
\fs24 \

\fs20 Preconstruction Services
\fs24 \

\fs20 Tenant Improvements
\fs24 \

\fs20 Office Construction
\fs24 \

\fs20 Medical Construction
\fs24 \

\fs20 Industrial Construction
\fs24 \

\fs20 Retail Construction
\fs24 \

\fs20 Warehouse Construction
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Primary Calls to Action
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Schedule a Consultation
\fs24 \

\fs20 Request a Proposal
\fs24 \

\fs20 Start Your Project
\fs24 \

\fs20 Contact Our Team
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Desired User Experience
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Visitors should leave the website believing:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \'93Trinity Build Co. is an established, highly organized, financially disciplined commercial builder with the leadership, systems, and expertise to successfully deliver our project.\'94
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 The site should inspire confidence, build trust, and encourage visitors to begin a long-term relationship with Trinity Build Co.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \uc0\u11835 
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Creative Direction
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 The brand should communicate quiet confidence\'97not flashiness.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Every design decision should reinforce:
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 Integrity
\fs24 \

\fs20 Excellence
\fs24 \

\fs20 Professionalism
\fs24 \

\fs20 Financial Stewardship
\fs24 \

\fs20 Precision
\fs24 \

\fs20 Long-Term Partnership
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 The overall experience should feel like a company trusted to manage complex, high-value commercial construction projects and committed to delivering exceptional results.
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 This brief is comprehensive enough for your website agency to begin designing the brand, user experience, page layouts, messaging, and supporting marketing materials while staying aligned with the vision you\'92ve established for Trinity Build Co.}